---
layout: post
title: being social
categories:
- "on"
updated_at: 2011-12-29
uuid: 7508E761-95F5-4792-A4F5-1359D6C85AC6
---

### Twitter

You should have one. If you don’t, think about some of your favourite
websites, and check if they have a twitter. By knowing that you will see
articles from websites posted there you’ve got some simple motivation
for using twitter. Next find some people whose opinions you value, or
make things you like, follow them. Now you’ve got news and opinions in
your stream. Then find some of your friends, do a facebook post saying
you’re on and give your username so people can follow you too. Now
you’ve got news, opinions and people to interact with.

To actually use it though you’ll have to post, to do that you have to
find your voice. Are you someone who uses twitter to share interesting
links to people? I generally just treat it like talking to a bunch of
friends, like the moment when a conversation just finished, and
everyones drinking, then you post the sentance that you’d say then.

It’s also good for having [semi-public
conversations](http://bettween.com/orta/dannyjohnsmith), I have a lot of
conversations with my family over twitter now as it keeps us focused and
other members happilly interject too. Most people won’t notice because
they’d have follow both people in order to see that conversation, so
you’re not spamming your followers.

Don’t bother replying to messages from big celebrities, but people that
you think are cool are messagable and probably appreciate it when you
have something to say based on what they’ve said. It’s a good habit to
do. I dunno where the line is on too much though.

Retweet things you think are worth sharing. [Follow
me](http://twitter.com/orta).

### LinkedIn

I don’t take LinkedIn so seriously, but hooking it up to twitter means
that it kinda feels updated, I update it as often as I do my okcupid
profile, which is every few months. I don’t add people I don’t know on
LinkedIn, that’s just a bit weird. But if you are interested in having
recruiters call you, you should join a few groups.

### Blogging

Getting started with blogging is easy, keeping it up isn’t. I’ve been
doing it for about a decade, and I have had some serious lulls of months
of no posts. At this point Tumblr pretty much own the blogging market,
and with good reason, I used tumblr for about 2 years before writing my
own. It’s good, it’s really good for multiple people blogs. You should
hook your blog into your twitter so when you post then the message goes
out to people who follow you. I use
[twitterfeed](http://twitterfeed.com/) for that, but Tumblr supports it
in the dashboard somewhere.

I think having a healthy attitude to blogging is important too, some of
the writing you do can take time, and its easy to feel like you’re
wasting your time, but that post could be around for a long time. But
they’re editable after the fact. So don’t get stressed out, make
something. Then iterate.

### Google Analytics

I’ve used google analytics on all of my websites / blogs, it lets you
see how many people are popping by, what they’re interested in
