---
layout: post
title: meat
categories:
- "on"
updated_at: 2012-04-15
uuid: 3EFDC934-FD2C-4083-9F7C-D731345338BC
---
I’ve had a fascination behind the science of food, which explains my
bookcase of food books that don’t really have recipes in them ([Cooking
for Geeks](http://www.cookingforgeeks.com/), [The Flavour
Thesaurus](http://www.flavourthesaurus.com/) and [Why We Get
Fat](http://www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?f=/c/a/2011/04/03/DDFL1IF074.DTL\))
and two fascinating [Micheal
Pollan](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Michael_Pollan) books ( The
Omnivores Dilema and In Defense of Food. )

This was all kicked off by someone advising that I read the Omnivores
Dilema, and then giving me the paperback that I read through in two long
sittings. The book is great, I advise it for everyone to read. In simple
it goes through the processing involved in making 4 different dishes; a
macdonalds meal, an organic meal, a home grown meal and finally a self
hunted / foraged meal. It’s full of great facts and Pollan has an
interesting opinion on ways to eat ethically.

It was when someone else had a copy of In Defense of Food I really got
the feel for his methods. In simple [the book says
this](http://www.nytimes.com/2007/01/28/magazine/28nutritionism.t.html?_r=1)

<div class="highlight" style="color:white;font-size: 0.8em;">

Eat food. Not too much. Mostly plants.

</div>

So, just over a year ago whilst on tour with my awesome band
[Kierononon](http://brutaltechnopunk.com) we generally do all our own
cooking. And as the other members of the band are vegetarians, I figured
I may as well try keep the vegetarian thing running. My problem with
that is that I love trying new things, and I don’t want to be obnoxious.
So, I came up with some simple rules.

1\. Don’t be one of “”those
vegetarians“:http://www.thebestpageintheuniverse.net/c.cgi?u=sponsor”  
2\. Meat only for cultural value

Number 1 means that I don’t have to put people out of their way when
they’re cooking for me, lets not have people cook two permuations of
their meals, one is already a lot of effort.

Number 2 mean I’ve got to try Lasagna Pizza in NYC, Meat Loaf in
Princeton, Cheesesteak in Philadelphia, Nuremburgers in Nuremburg,
Currywurst in Berlin and Tripe in Porto. I’m pretty happy with that.
